A thriller about a religious cult, Save Me.
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(All organizations, locations,
religions, and characters...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
Are you ready?
Let's go.
- Sang Mi!
- Don't let them fool you.
Sang Mi! You demon.
How dare you steal Almighty's possession?
Sang Mi!
Thank you.
They said they should let
the cult leader have me...
to find salvation.
We don't even have evidence yet.
Do you think the police
will investigate it properly?
Call her dad, and tell him to come.
I'll go back. I'll try to figure out a way.
What happened? Why did she go back?
It is now time to stand
together and pray with fire.
She already knew things
would turn out this way.
I'm going to do things my way now.
I need to see for myself
what kind of place it is.
After Spiritual Father's announcement,
you'll receive training
to become Spiritual Mother.
Then you'll have a spiritual wedding.
Everyone who is
considered influential in Muji...
is affiliated with that cult.
That's my son.
Your son has such a pure soul.
(Episode 11)
Hello?
Your dad wants to see you.
Come to the nursing home.
(Muji Hangil Nursing Home)
Thank you for coming all the way here.
Sang Hwan, you're here.
That's my son.
Your son has...
such a pure soul.
Say hello. He's the pastor of Guseonwon.
Dad, that man...
isn't a pastor. He's a cult leader.
Stop. That's rude of you.
I'm sorry. He's still immature.
It's fine.
Your name is Sang Hwan, right?
I'm just a cleric who spreads
the word of salvation...
in this land.
He said he would...
take better care of your
friend you told me about.
As I hear, she's a girl with an illness...
and a wounded heart.
Your father also asked people at
the welfare division to help her.
Don't worry.
Dad.
You did the same thing three years ago.
I asked you to help out
my innocent friend...
because he was about to go to
jail for not having money or connections.
You turned away from him to be
elected as the governor!
What is it this time?
A provincial governor? A congressman?
- That's enough.
- When I was little,
you told me that someone
like you who has power...
should help the weak and the poor!
That man locked up a girl who is young enough to be your daughter...
to make a pass at her.
Han Sang Hwan! Don't say such a thing when you don't know anything.
Dad. Are you willing...
to join hands with a cult leader now?
How could you stoop so low?
You brat!
Gosh, Pastor Baek. I'm sorry.
My foolish son made a big mistake.
I apologize on behalf of him.
Don't worry.
Sang Hwan.
Almighty does not turn away from...
the weak and the poor.
That's why he entrusted me with Sang Mi.
Please trust me, and believe in Almighty.
(I hope you'll get better soon, Baek Jung Ki)
After all,
you're all the same.
It's fine, Brother Wan Deok.
Is there something else you want to say to me?
I'm warning you.
If you do so much as lay a finger on my friend,
I will make you regret it.
Do you like Sang Mi, Sang Hwan?
What nonsense are you talking?
I'm just talking about your feelings.
Just like how you can't hide your feelings towards her,
Almighty can't hide his affection towards her either.
So please don't misunderstand us.
We care about Sang Mi more than anyone.
The problem is Sang Mi doesn't like...
you or the Almighty you're referring to.
I hope you'll calm down your anger and visit us.
People these days only believe things they can see.
Thank you.
- Please get off. - Okay.
Welcome.
- Bless you. - Come on up.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Thank you.
- Bless you. - Please take one.
Visit us.
People these days only believe things they can see.
"Dear Spiritual Father,"
"Hello, Spiritual Father, my spiritual husband."
"I'm Shim Hyo Seo, a second grade student..."
"at Muji Elementary School."
"During your sermon, you taught me..."
"that paradise is only there if we're delighted at heart."
"I am so happy when I see you, Spiritual Father."
"That's why this place is the paradise for me."
"Dear Spiritual Father, I will work hard to keep my faith..."
"because I want to become Spiritual Mother in the future."
"I will pray hard to Almighty..."
"so I can become Spiritual Mother."
She's such a precious child of faith.
Yes.
However, there can't be anyone more precious...
than Sang Mi, our soon-to-be Spiritual Mother.
Don't you agree, Spiritual Mother?
I will save them.
I'm sorry?
I will...
save them all no matter what.
That's right, Sang Mi. Becoming Spiritual Mother is...
a sacred deed which will save...
everyone here.
(The Boat of Salvation Will Save You.)
(Offertory)
Please stand up.
You are...
getting closer to Almighty.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Our dear Sister Park Bong Hee here...
made a special offering to Almighty today...
for Spiritual Mother's sake.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Also, she is only...
a few steps away from getting promoted...
to an apostle.
Let's bless her with a round of applause.
I believe it. Our wishes will be fulfilled!
I believe it.
You're right.
(Guseonwon Main Building, Private Prayer Rooms)
Today, we're finally here...
for the proclamation ceremony...
for welcoming our new spiritual mother.
All right.
Now, let's welcome Sang Mi, who has been chosen...
as Spiritual Mother,
with a big round of applause.
Like pure white flowers,
you will purify us from our dark...
and filthy sins.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled! - Our wishes will be fulfilled!
My dear sisters and brethren.
When Almighty gives me his message,
Sang Mi and I will have a spiritual wedding...
where we will become one.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - We believe it.
- All of you will be purified... - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
from your filthy sins. Do you all believe it?
- We believe it! - We believe it!
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
You can go down now.
Okay.
Stay out of it.
Weren't you locked up in the youth detention center three years ago?
Who are you?
(Spiritual Father's Office)
(We bless and welcome you, Reception for new believers)
Please have a seat.
There are some things I need to talk to you about in preparation...
for the upcoming spiritual wedding.
Everyone, from myself and apostles...
to all of our believers,
must abstain from eating meat from now on.
We can only eat...
clean, raw white rice.
We must purify our blood...
before welcoming Spiritual Mother.
Do you all understand?
- Yes, Spiritual Father. - Yes, Spiritual Father.
I'll wait for Almighty's message...
to reschedule the date for the wedding.
So please make sure that you can be ready at all times.
You two apostles should make sure...
that Sang Mi can be in her purest, cleanest state spiritually.
We'll make sure, Spiritual Father.
Our wishes will be fulfilled. I believe it.
All right then. You may leave now.
Here are some things I think you should include in your next sermon.
Since we're welcoming Spiritual Mother,
it'd be nice if you could help me...
map out what we can do to collect special offerings for the occasion.
It's a very special event, you know.
But we haven't collected as much as I was expecting.
Here.
"Since we're welcoming Spiritual Mother,"
"we must now get rid of all materialistic things..."
"that blind us and weigh down our hearts..."
"in order to get on the Boat of Salvation..."
"with a light heart and clean soul."
Well, that's the gist of it.
But we both know how good you are at editing sentences.
You'll do it, right?
I should get back to work, Spiritual Father.
Those who conceal Almighty's glory...
will perish in fire...
on the day of judgment.
I believe in Almighty who has prepared...
the Boat of Salvation and allowed us...
to ready ourselves for the day of judgement.
"The one who believes in me will live, even though they die."
"And whoever lives..."
"by believing in me will never die." I believe in your words.
You are now...
the body of Almighty.
No one...
will be able to stand against you.
Sang Jin.
I've been waiting for you all day.
You should come home straight from school.
Where have you been?
Ms. Kim.
Don't leave me alone.
Mom.
Why are you here?
Sang Mi.
This is too dangerous. You should leave now.
Sang Mi, let's get out of here together.
No.
It's not the time yet.
Let's go.
You should be in the sanitarium, not here.
Okay.
Sang Mi.
Is it you, Spiritual Mother?
I'm okay. Hurry up and go.
I guess your mother came to hear Spiritual Father's sermon.
Yes, Apostle Kang.
Please take good care of Sang Jin and Sang Mi.
Of course. Please don't worry.
(The Boat of Salvation Will Save You.)
By the way,
I guess the one who always drives this van isn't here today.
Gosh, you have a keen eye, Dong Cheol.
You said you invest in stocks. I guess it's because you're smart.
It's not that. He just has a very large build.
He went to run some errands.
We're looking for someone.
Do you have any friends...
who often go around riding a motorcycle?
Every kid in this town rides motorcycles.
Why are you looking for them?
Do you have any friends like that?
No, I'm just curious.
They left without a contact number after doing something good.
We'd like to return their favor.
Gosh, they must have done something really good.
Yes.
I hope we find them soon.
We're here.
See you tomorrow.
Thank you.
Listen. We have a seminar tomorrow,
so you'll have a chance to ask questions.
- Okay. - Goodbye.
- Dong Cheol. - Yes?
I really hope you'll come tomorrow.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Please drive safely.
Who are you?
I'm a reporter. I'm collecting news about this cult under cover.
(I don't know why you came here,)
(but do not come back to this place.)
Goodness. He really is a crazy man.
Have you gone crazy too? Why did you go there?
He's right, you crazy punk.
Listen.
I think...
my dad joined hands with that cult leader.
That's why I wanted to see it for myself.
I wanted to bring everything that can be evidence.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
Whatever your dad does,
you're not going to run away, right?
Jung Hoon.
I want you to broadcast the video of the cult leader I filmed.
I thought about it. If my dad is on the same side with him,
no one including the police and the press will believe us.
We have to show it...
directly to people and make them believe us.
Okay. I got it.
(Guseonwon)
All right, it's done.
Oh, here.
A woman at Guseonwon gave me this.
What is it?
"I don't know why you're here, but don't ever come back."
My gosh, what is this?
I just know that she's an undercover journalist.
- She's a journalist? - Yes.
"Don't ever come back"? Do you think this is a warning or a threat?
I guess I'll find out after I ask her in person.
Anyway, these guys don't seem like an ordinary cult.
And that cult leader seems scarier than we thought he'd be.
You should be careful, Dong Cheol.
You should be careful.
The same goes for you guys too.
The curly haired guy's looking all over the place for you two.
Okay, let's all be careful.
I'll check...
if that journalist is someone we can trust and rely on.
I'll also look into what these guys did before they came to Muji.
I have to go now.
Why? Let's grab a drink.
I have somewhere I need to go.
See you guys tomorrow.
He's always so busy.
What's...
your identity?
Pardon?
- Well... - I saw everything.
You stopped that guy earlier from trying to help me.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Spiritual Mother, Apostle Kang asked me to do something...
Do you really believe that...
you can get on the Boat of Salvation by staying here?
Do you really believe...
everything that the so-called "Spiritual Father" says to you?
I really don't understand what you mean.
You already know everything.
You know that...
this place is all fake.
Why are you pretending like you don't know anything?
Isn't it worse to pretend like...
you don't know anything when you do?
Why do you think...
I'm pretending like I don't know anything?
Because you also seemed to be...
observing this place, just like me.
Then I finally realized when you asked me that question...
at the nursing home.
You should run away.
If you stay here, your body and soul will die.
Then why aren't you leaving?
That question.
I've been asking that question so many times.
"Why didn't you leave?"
I've been here for over four years,
but nobody ever asked me that question.
You're right. I don't believe this place.
Do you really not...
believe this place?
No.
To be honest,
I'm a journalist.
I couldn't find anything weird about this place from outside.
So I've disguised myself as a believer to collect information.
These people never leave any kind of evidence behind.
I've only recently managed to...
get close to finding anything.
Then...
I'll help you from now on.
What?
I'm going to destroy this place no matter what.
So you should help me too.
Are you sure about this?
I have friends who are trying to help me.
Now, I also have you too.
Okay.
I'll do my best to help you.
Spiritual Mother, please deliver my prayers to Spiritual Father.
- Please deliver it to him. - Sister So Rin.
How dare you cause a scene in front of our future Spiritual Mother?
You can't cheat like this.
She's right. Spiritual Mother.
- Don't listen to her prayers. - She's right.
Our Almighty told us...
not to ignore the prayers of the weak.
You can tell me anything you want as well.
I'll deliver your prayers to Spiritual Father.
Spiritual Mother.
I have a son.
And he's...
Spiritual Mother, please help my mother.
Please help me save my son.
- Spiritual Mother. - My goodness.
Dong Cheol.
What?
Thanks.
And I'm sorry for making you go to that dangerous place...
all alone.
Do you know...
what I hate hearing from you?
I hate it when you say sorry.
To be honest, it wasn't your fault.
The reason why you, Sang Mi, and I turned out this way...
is all because of adults.
I thought...
my mom would be able to wake up if my dad became the governor.
I was foolish.
Sang Hwan.
Do you remember what you said to me...
when I got expelled from school,
and when you stopped the prisoner bus?
I said, "Stand tall."
What's going on? Shouldn't we go check on her?
My gosh, just leave her be.
Honey, please help me.
You'll only end up getting your hair pulled out.
- She'll tell you to save her son. - You're right. Let's go.
- Please help. - Let's go. Hurry.
Honey. Sang Mi.
Sang Mi.
Apostle Im, is this your first time coming here?
Yes.
This will make you become an important apostle.
This is a great blessing for you.
Our wishes will be fulfilled. I believe it.
This is place is filled with evil spirits.
I see.
- Now, let's go inside. - Okay.
Can you smell the stench of the devil?
Yes, I can.
Come this way.
Help me.
Please help me.
After getting possessed by the devil,
he lead our believers to abandon their faith for Almighty.
He's one of the worst.
I... I'm sorry.
What are you sorry about?
I dared...
I dared to...
doubt your power, Spiritual Father.
You are the only one...
who can lead us to salvation.
The act of using your words to seduce, deceive,
and make people arrogant...
is the devil's...
clever scheme.
No...
Spiritual Father.
You nasty devil!
I order you to leave from the body of my precious child!
Look carefully.
His sins have gathered together and solidified...
in his stomach.
When I lay my hands on a sinner,
the pain that he or she will feel...
will be proportional to his or her sin.
Apostle Im, why don't you...
pray for the sinners today?
Me?
From now on, I'd like you to...
be in charge of this place...
and help us get rid of the devil.
But isn't this position...
only given to the most spiritually awakened apostle?
You're the most spiritually awakened.
Pardon?
You gave...
what's most precious to you...
to our Almighty.
Don't you agree,
Apostle Kang?
Yes, you're right. He gave our Almighty...
his beloved daughter.
- Apostle Im. - Yes?
You should pray for him.
Okay.
You nasty devil.
I call you out under the name of our Almighty!
I call you out with the power of our Almighty!
I give you this order under the name of our Almighty.
I order you to confess your sin!
I command you to return to the fiery pit!
What?
Come in, and eat dinner.
Our dear Sister Park Bong Hee here...
made a special offering to Almighty today...
for Spiritual Mother's sake.
Is he your friend?
I made you dinner. You should eat before you go to work.
Where are you going again?
Jin Cheol's mother asked me to help her with something again.
Did you borrow money from someone?
Why are you working so much these days?
What are you talking about? That's nonsense.
If you need money,
don't ask weird people for help.
Just ask me. Okay?
Okay.
Have fun.
(Book of Salvation)
Sang Jin.
Today,
your dad became an apostle in charge to get rid of evil spirits.
Do you know what that is?
That position is given to...
the most faithful person in Guseonwon.
It wasn't given to Apostle Kang.
It was given to me.
I was given the position to get rid of evil spirits.
And...
Sang Mi will soon become our Spiritual Mother.
Then our whole family...
will all be able to get on the Boat of Salvation.
Just wait a little bit.
Don't get in the way of Muji's development!
- Don't get in the way! - Don't get in the way!
I'll ask the police chief to send some policemen over.
Don't bother. We can't blame these ignorant people.
They're all just given orders by someone.
Mr. Cheon's getting orders by Senator Park.
And Senator Park's...
getting orders by Baek Jung Ki.
Ji Hee.
I thought I was the president of Muji.
But I guess someone else was actually becoming the president.
Here.
You guys.
That guy with yellow hair is the cult leader.
You're here.
Hey.
Where's Dong Cheol?
He's getting changed.
I see.
Did you find anything out?
They have a nursing home,
and they do a lot of volunteer work.
I could only find positive articles about them.
I can't believe he even has the police and reporters on his side.
But then again, what can't you do with money these days?
I'd like to let you know that not all policemen are like that.
Please leave my dad out of this.
Yes, okay. I know your dad's not that kind of person.
Yes, of course. He just doesn't do his work properly.
That's... That's true.
I agree.
Hey, you're here.
See you guys.
Hey, Dong Cheol.
You may know already, but those guys are really clever.
They act like they're a legal community,
but all the critical evidence will all be hidden inside.
You got in there with your guts,
so let's increase our winning rate by using our brain.
You're all here.
Welcome.
We love you.
Today, we will be explaining to you about...
the secret behind salvation and eternal life.
This place is spiritually detached from...
the world you are all living in.
So from now on,
you'll have to turn in your cell phones whenever you come here.
It's just like how you don't wear anything in a public bathhouse.
You should take everything off in order to cleanse yourself properly.
Here, take this.
Why are you giving me your cell phone?
Sang Mi told me.
I heard the believers there aren't allowed to use cell phones.
They always kept an eye on Sang Mi and even locked her up.
So they probably have strict regulations.
- Go ahead. - Thank you.
Sang Mi told you not to worry. You'll be able to meet her soon.
- You should eat a lot. - Thank you.
- Bring your tray closer. - Pardon? Oh, okay.
Thank you.
- Enjoy the food. - You too.
(A reporter named Hong So Rin will help us.)
(If you have a message for me, give it to her.)
(I can stay strong because of people who are helping me. Thank you all.)
The reporter's name is Hong So Rin.
Oh, I think I found her.
Where?
This must be her, right?
(New Recruits for City Desk, Muji Daily)
Do you think this is the woman who gave Dong Cheol the note?
- Why do you ask? - Well, swindlers fool people...
by using someone else's identity.
Gosh, no way.
We should always be prepared for the worst.
Hey, I'll go there.
Where? The newspaper company?
I should go there in person and check.
- Shall I go with you? - No, it's okay.
I'll just go alone.
All right, everyone. Do you know what this is?
Isn't it a boat?
Yes, it is a boat.
But it's not a normal boat you guys know of.
This is the Boat of Salvation which will take you to the paradise.
This is the Boat of Salvation?
It's the symbol of Guseonwon.
In other words, this is...
like the cross to us.
To us, it's even more important than the cross...
as it symbolizes salvation. You all got that, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
(Muji Daily)
May I help you?
Is Reporter Hong So Rin here?
Who are you?
Oh, I went to college with her.
Is that right? She doesn't work in the office these days though.
- Where does she work then? - She's at...
You said you guys are friends. Don't you have her number? Call her.
I lost touch with her while I was serving in the military.
Then please leave your number with me.
I'll give it to her when she's in the office.
Sure.
Please make sure So Rin gets this.
- Okay. - Thank you.
(Hong So Rin, Reporter, Muji Daily)
Do you think your father will win the election?
Is this her?
Yes.
I confirmed that she is indeed a reporter at Muji Daily.
It looks like she already talked to Sang Mi and told her...
that she'd help us.
Dong Cheol, are you in there?
Yes, I'm using the toilet.
I see. You sure are young.
It's a sign that you have a healthy stomach.
- Do you feel better now? - Yes.
By the way, why were you looking for me?
The service will begin shortly. You don't want to miss anything, right?
Oh, right. Thank you.
The training for becoming Spiritual Mother will begin today.
From now on, this sister here...
will stay by your side at all times and serve you as your aide.
I'm Hong So Rin, Spiritual Mother.
("Book of Salvation", Salvation for Immortal Life)
From today, you have to...
read "Book of Salvation" and begin Prayer of Purification.
What is Prayer of Purification?
It's a ritual where you cleanse yourself...
of any worldly filth that is left.
All right then. Shall we read "Book of Salvation" now?
Hello.
May I ask you something?
Go.
This is Living Water blessed by Spiritual Father.
You must put your hands in the water...
and confess all of your sins to Almighty...
in order to cleanse your soul.
Stir once...
and say, "Please forgive my sin."
Do it.
Almighty,
I doubted that you're my savior...
and said that you're fake.
Please forgive my sin.
I resented my dad for bringing...
my family here.
Please forgive my sin.
Good. Keep going.
I resented and hated Apostle Kang Eun Sil who's in front of me now.
Please forgive my sin.
I said that Apostle Jo Wan Deok is a murderer.
I thought that everyone here was insane.
Please forgive my sin.
Sang Mi.
Is the training going well?
Is Mom doing okay?
She didn't look well the last time I saw her.
Apostle Kang is doing her best...
to take great care of her, so you don't need to worry about her.
Oh, she actually just left to go to the sanitarium again.
Mom.
Is it you, Sang Jin?
Sang Jin!
Where do you think you're going? Let's have some fun.
Don't you know that you'll never be able to get out of here?
Sang Jin! Sang Jin, help me. Sang Jin!
Sang Jin!
Mom!
Sang Jin.
You need to get out of here for Sang Mi to live, so please...
Please save Sang Mi.
Sang Mi...
Sang Mi!
No... No, Sang Mi.
Sang Jin! Help me, Sang Jin.
Come to your senses, Mom! You have to get out of here.
Sister Kim.
Sang Mi!
The most precious thing...
will be harvested.
Three years have passed, yet you still...
have downy hair like a baby.
You should drink a lot of water.
Sang Mi.
Sang Mi, you should run away.
Run.
Sang Mi...
(Save Me)
It's burning hot.
If you keep neglecting all the resentment and sorrow in your heart,
you'll end up burning...
yourself as well as everything around you.
So now, you should...
surrender everything to Almighty.
How do I do that?
What should I do...
to surrender my everything to Almighty?